Update the language to be more up front about Determinate Nix (#1478)
DeterminateSystems/nix-installer: README.md

[![Docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/nix-installer)](https://docs.rs/nix-installer/latest/nix_installer)

**Determinate Nix Installer** is a fast, friendly, and reliable way to install and manage [Nix] everywhere, including macOS, Linux, Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), SELinux, the Valve Steam Deck, and more.

> It installs Nix or Determinate Nix with [flakes] enabled by default, it offers support for seamlessly [uninstalling Nix](#uninstalling), it enables Nix to survive [macOS upgrades][macos-upgrades], and [much more](#features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It installs either [Nix](https://nixos.org) or [Determinate Nix](https://docs.determinate.systems/determinate-nix) (with [flakes] enabled by default), it offers support for seamlessly [uninstalling Nix](#uninstalling), it enables Nix to survive [macOS upgrades][macos-upgrades], and [much more](#features).
```

| [Podman] Linux containers                                            | ✓ (via [systemd]) |      ✓      |      Stable       |
| [Docker] containers                                                  |                   |      ✓      |      Stable       |

## Installation

You can install with the default [planner](#planners) and options by running this script:

```shell
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf -L https://install.determinate.systems/nix | \
  sh -s -- install
```

> This will prompt to ask if you want Determinate Nix, or the Nix from NixOS.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prompts you if you want [Determinate Nix](https://docs.determinate.systems/determinate-nix) or the Nix from [nixos.org](https://nixos.org/download).
```

> [!TIP]
> If you use [NixOS], we recommend installing Determinate using modules provided by the [`determinate` flake][determinate-flake].

To download a platform-specific installer binary yourself:

```shell
curl -sL -o nix-installer https://install.determinate.systems/nix/nix-installer-x86_64-linux
chmod +x nix-installer
./nix-installer
```

> This will install Nix or Determinate Nix on an `x86_64-linux` system but you can replace that with the system of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs Nix or Determinate Nix on an `x86_64-linux` system but you can replace that with the system of your choice.
```
